README.md, before:

# OMERO on Singularity

## Prerequisites
* Singularity 2.2

Installation instructions can be found on the [Singularity website](http://singularity.lbl.gov/docs-quick-start-installation). You can also refer to the [Singularity GitHub repository](https://github.com/singularityware/singularity).

## Getting started
```
sudo make build
make run
```
To connect to OMERO, you can use the web interface OMERO.web, or the desktop application [OMERO.insight](http://downloads.openmicroscopy.org/omero/5.2.6/). For both, login credentials are required: the system starts off with the `root` admin user with the password `password`.

### Using OMERO.web
Once the above commands have been run, open a web browser of choice and go to the URL localhost:8080, assuming you are running locally. Enter the starting credentials (`root`, `password`).

If you are warned of incorrect credentials, wait a minute or two and try again -- the initial database setup can take some time to run (only happens on first launch), and the server process can also take a few seconds to start up.

### Using OMERO.insight
Once the image is running, open the OMERO.insight client. On Linux, you would run
```
~ > OMERO.insight-5.2.6-ice35-b35-linux/OMEROinsight_unix.sh
```
though this may depend on where you chose to save and extract the client to.

Similar to the process for OMERO.web, enter the starting credentials (`root`, `password`), and try again after waiting if necessary.

Commit message:

Add instructions for changing OMERO root password

README.md, after:

# OMERO on Singularity

## Prerequisites
* Singularity 2.2

Installation instructions can be found on the [Singularity website](http://singularity.lbl.gov/docs-quick-start-installation).
You can also refer to the [Singularity GitHub repository](https://github.com/singularityware/singularity).

## Getting started
```
sudo make build
make run
```
To connect to OMERO, you can use the web interface OMERO.web, or the desktop application [OMERO.insight](http://downloads.openmicroscopy.org/omero/5.2.6/).
For both, login credentials are required: the system starts off with the `root` admin user with the password `password`.

### Using OMERO.web
Once the above commands have been run, open a web browser of choice and go to the URL localhost:8080, assuming you are running locally.
Enter the starting credentials (`root`, `password`).

If you are warned of incorrect credentials, wait a minute or two and try again.
The initial database setup can take some time to run (only happens on first launch), and the server process can also take a few seconds to start up.

### Using OMERO.insight
Once the image is running, open the OMERO.insight client. On Linux, you would run
```
~ > OMERO.insight-5.2.6-ice35-b35-linux/OMEROinsight_unix.sh
```
though this may depend on where you chose to save and extract the client to.

Similar to the process for OMERO.web, enter the starting credentials (`root`, `password`), and try again after waiting if necessary.

## Changing the OMERO root password
To better secure the OMERO instance, you will want to change the password for the `root` user from `password` to something else.
The easiest way to do this is by using the OMERO web interface.

First, login as the `root` user, and then once inside, click the user dropdown menu at the top right.
Inside the dropdown, click the "User settings" link.
On the settings page, click the button "Change Password" to change the `root` user's password.
